# CoolCrates
Simple crate plugin How to set crates : Stand on any block and type command ; Commands - /crate spawn common.crate /crate spawn epic.crate /crate spawn rare.crate /crate spawn legendary.crate



NOTICE - Copying this plugin is not allowed in any shape of form, such as: Stealing a plugin like this, re-uploading it to their own repo, etc. I am not copying any plugins. I / We are a part of this team called "VMPE Development Team." How this works, is when a original developer / original author has been inactive, we continue the plugin for them, updating the plugin to the latest versions, API'S, and updating the code. See, that's what we do. What some other people do, is fork the plugins for no apparent reason, and start copying the original author's plugins. I on the other hand, do this because the original developer of the / A plugin is inactive, or no longer updates them. That's where we come to place. We simply help the MCPE / PMMP community by updating the original developer's plugins, like:
Changing the author name in Plugin.yml - The reason why we do this, is because there's no point in the original author still being the author name when they never update anymore, or are very inactive. So we put the new name of the author, as it states that they no longer update the plugin. Yes, they have made the code and all, but that's not what all that matters. A developer needs to always update the plugin to newer versions of Pocketmine and MCPE. With that being said, that's what we do.

Changing the plugin version - To keep the plugin going, we need to update the plugin version so people are aware of new updates, and that we are still updating the plugin.

Updating code - If we see a code which is outdated, we simply update the code to have the correct usage of the plugin, meaning we can't have an outdated code. Because if we do, major bugs may come into place, and may start crashing your server, or worse, constant bugs which can never get rid of. This is why we do this. With other players who try to do the same thing as us, they simply update the plugin, copy the plugin along with a change of the author. Changing the author is a big impact on your part, as you can simply get hate for it. Unlike others, we continue to update the code, the plugin, and more. With other people, they try updating the plugin, but simply don't update the code, and the Plugin API's. Like ALPHA10 for instance. I'm not going to name the people who do this, as I don't want to expose anyone, but the ones who copy / steal a plugin, they will probably know who I am talking about. If you have any bugs / concerns, feel free to open an issue. And please, do not say we steal / copy other plugins. We aren't like everyone else, or at least, those who copy. Thanks for your time, and enjoy this plugin.
